2nd Step: The first Django Project

Here we will show how to install Django and create the first Django project. Steps are as below:

1. Commandline or terminal:
      a. Create a new directory named vidjan, this will be our video app: mkdir vidjan
      b. Go to the newly created directory: cd vidjan
      c. Create virtual env and install Django using pipenv and let's set the version 2.1: pipenv install django==2.1
      d. Activate the vertual environment: pipenv shell

2. Create a Django project using a tool called Django Admin:
      a. Run the command: django-admin startproject vidjan
      b. We want to create this in current directory so let's add a period at the end: django-admin startproject vidjan .
      c. When we run this command django admin is going to create a basic website with some boilerplate codes.
      d. Open this in vscode: code .

3. Start codding in vscode:
      a. In vscode we got:
            i. Django admin created vidjan folder 
            ii. as well the manage.py file: we use this to perform some adminstrative task like, starting web server, migrating dadabse, populating it with data and so on.
      
      b. What is vidjan directory and why we have 2 vidjan directories, the outer one and the inner one? The outer one that we created(and this is the container of this project) and the inner one that django admin created of us and this is simplly a package and essentially the core of a project. It has a bunch of settings and that's where everything gets started. Inside the vidjan directory we have:
            i. __init__.py file: this tell python to treat this directory as a package.
            ii. settings.py file: In this file we have various configaration settings for the project.
            iii. urls.py file: this is where we define various url endpoints for the application.
            iv. wsgi.py file: Which short from of web server getway interface. The purpose of this file is to represent the standard interface between applications written in Python and web server. 

      c. Manage py file: We will going to use the manage.py file to start our development web server.
            i. In vscode, open manage.py
            ii. Select the python enterpretor for the virtual environment for the project. And active the invironment
            iii. Terminal commandline: python3 manage.py runserver
            iv. Now by default it is going to start at development server on port 8000. If you have an application that is already lestening on that port, you can specify a different port: python3 manage.py runserver 8080
            v. Now let's run the command and we get an alert like, "You have 15 unapplied migration..." but egnore for the time being. 
            vi. And we can see a web server lestening at an address like: http://127.0.0.1:8080/ and to quit press Control C
            vii. Now just navigate to the address and it will open the page in a browser. And this is our first Django project.

Over the next directories we will modify this application bit by bit and will implement our video rental application.

Next step will be in this firstApp folder.
